<p align="center" style="font-family: Times New Roman ;font-size:30px">Jiachen Yang</p>
<p align="center" style="font-family: Times New Roman">jy2865  M.S. in Computer Science</p>
<p align="center" style="font-family: Times New Roman">M.S. in Computer Science, freshman</p>

#1.3
I believe the web browsers and mail programs are not part of operating systems. As is mentioned in the text book.*"Operating system is the one program running at all times on the computer"*. Web brosers will not run at all times on the computer. From other point of view, operating systems should manage the hardware and provide service for the application, however, web browsers do not manage hardware and they provide service for people.
#1.6
- Set timer should be a privileged instruction
- Read time is not a instructions instruction
- Clear memory should be a privileged instruction
- Issue a trap is not a privileged instruction
- Trun off interupt should be a privileged instruction
- Modify entries in device-status table should be a privileged instruction
- Switch from user to kernel mode should be a privileged instruction
- Access I/O device should be a privileged instruction
#1.13
- CPU cycles, main memory, network, storage
- CPU cycles, main memory, network
- Energy, main memory, storage
#1.19
- Interputs is designed for CPU to receive signals from outside. For example, it can help switching processes or inform CPU something was happened to excute some interupt handle program.
- Trap is generated by software, which is know as software interrupt. Interupt is usually generated by hardware.
#1.21
I think it is possible in some degree. We can build a virtualization environment to run this program to ensure every step is safe. Or we can check the source code when we need to use them.
#2.1 
In textbook, it says "System calls provide an interface to the services made available by an operating system". According to my understanding, it provides the application programs one method to use some hardware sources and it also ensures the safety and avoids conflicts. It helps OS to manage different sources.
#2.12
- One set of operating system services provides functions that are helpful to the user, such as UI, I/O and file system, which ensure process can use the resource safely.
- Another set of operating system service aims to help OS itself to be more efficient, such as resource allocation and protection.
#2.16
- Advantages: 
    - Every devices can be manipulated as a file, which will be much more easy for programming. This also means files and devices can support the same API.
- Disadvantages:
    - Since the devices are different from each other. The overhead might be huge.
    - Some unique function of devices will be hard to achieve.
#2.18
There are two models of interprocess communication, the message-passing model and the shared-memory model:

- Message-passing model:
    - Strength：It is easy to use, as its api is similar to file operation api.
    - Weaknesses: It costs a lot, It needs to switch contexts many times and duplicate the data many times.
- Shared-memory model:
    - Stength: It is really efficient and use less memory.
    - Weakness: Concurrency is hard to guarantee. And it needs extra services from OS to ensure memory can be addressed by multiple process.
#2.24
As is mentioned in textbook, mobile devices alwalys have limited memory and CPU processing capabilities. However Java standrad libraries is designed for standrad PC. Thus Android runs on Dalvik virtual machine which can save energy and improve performance.











